# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## Unreleased
### Added
- Support for variable declarations.
- Support for struct types.
- Support for packed arrays.
- Support for the `*`, `/`, `%`, `<<`, `<<<`, `>>`, and `>>>` operators.
- Support for the `$clog2` builtin function.

### Fixed
- Fix blocking assignments, making them actually block.

### Changed
- Update llhd to v0.4.0.

## 0.3.0 - 2019-02-01
### Added
- Support for parameter declarations.
- Support for typedefs.
- Support for port assignments in instantiations.
- Support for continuous assignments in modules.
- Support for bitwise logic operators.

### Fixed
- Fix assigning values to output ports.
- Fix semantics of `always_comb` blocks; they are now run once at startup and then implicitly when an input changes.

### Changed
- The first verbosity level (`-v`) does no longer print info lines.

### Fixed
- Fix code generated by `repeat` statement.

## 0.2.0 - 2019-01-24
### Added
- Support for if-generate and for-generate blocks.
- Support for value and type parameters.
- Support for module instantiations and processes.
- Support for signal declarations.

### Changed
- Use [salsa](https://github.com/salsa-rs/salsa) to implement SystemVerilog queries.
- Add usage example to README, plus some cleanup.
- Switch to dual-licensing.
- Update llhd to v0.3.0.
- Improve command line help page.

## 0.1.0 - 2018-02-27
### Added
- Initial release
- Basic SystemVerilog and VHDL parsing
